Mumbai Indians (MI) registered a fourth consecutive victory to move into third place on the TATA Indian Premier League (IPL) 2025 points table with a commanding seven-wicket victory over Sunrisers Hyderabad (SRH) in Hyderabad. Four teams were tied on 10 points in a competitive mid-table situation after Match 41, with Gujarat Titans (GT) and Delhi Capitals (DC) in the top two with 12 points each.
MI restricted SRH to 35/5 early on, before Heinrich Klaasen's 71 and Abhinav Manohar's 43 carried SRH to 143/8. MI's chase was without any major hiccups as Rohit Sharma guided his team to victory for a second successive match with 70(46), and MI secured victory with 4.2 overs to spare.
MI captain Hardik Pandya won the toss and put SRH in to bat. Ahead of the start of the match, a minute's silence was observed in Hyderabad to pay respect to the victims of Pahalgam terror attack.
Additionally, all the players, support staff, commentators & match officials wore black armbands as a mark of solidarity for those affected.
Pandya’s decision to bowl first was proved correct by his bowlers as SRH lost their top three of Travis Head, Abhishek Sharma, and Ishan Kishan inside four overs and with only 13 on the board. Kishan’s dismissal was particularly filled with confusion as he walked back despite a half-hearted appeal for caught behind from MI, only to find out later that he had not edged the ball.
Nitish Reddy followed Kishan back to the dugout as SRH were 13/4, with both Trent Boult and Deepak Chahar striking twice. After a brief quiet phase, Pandya dismissed Aniket Verma, and SRH were five down for 35.
Then came a special knock from Heinrich Klaasen and a strong fighting partnership between Klaasen and Abhinav Manohar. Klaasen went on the charge with a 15-run over off Vignesh Puthur before bringing up his first fifty this season off 34 deliveries. SRH’s 100 came up in the 17th over, followed by a strong final flourish saw them post 143/8.
A post shared by IPL (@iplt20)
 
Klaasen walked back for 71(44), which included nine fours and two sixes, while Manohar scored 43(37), courtesy of three sixes and two fours. Boult finished with an impressive 4/26.
I.C.Y.M.I MAXIMUM 🙌 & GONE ☝Heinrich Klaasen played a superb knock of 71(44) 👍 Jasprit Bumrah completed his 3️⃣0️⃣0️⃣th T20 wicket 👏Scorecard ▶ https://t.co/nZaVdtxbj3 #TATAIPL | #SRHvMI | @SunRisers | @Jaspritbumrah93 pic.twitter.com/zD4pOlknsy
Rohit Sharma carried his form from the previous match into this game, giving MI another fast start in the powerplay. While SRH dismissed Ryan Rickelton, courtesy of Jaydev Unadkat picking up his 100th TATA IPL wicket, Will Jacks joined Sharma, and the duo played some impressive shots to help MI to 56/1 at the end of the powerplay. 
Will Jacks holed out in the deep as Zeeshan Ansari struck in the 10th over to end a 64-run stand. But Sharma kept the momentum going and brought up a second consecutive fifty to bring MI's equation down to 59 runs needed from 54 deliveries.
A post shared by IPL (@iplt20)
The duo of Sharma and Surya Kumar Yadav scored in a free-flowing manner, just like they did against Chennai Super Kings (CSK) in the previous game, to then make light work of the chase with a stand of 53 runs off just 32 deliveries.
A post shared by IPL (@iplt20)
While Sharma was dismissed for 70(46) with only 14 more runs needed, Yadav finished the game with an unbeaten 19-ball 40*, and MI reached the target with 26 deliveries to spare.
The full scorecard and match details can be found here.