Powered by an MS Dhoni special under pressure in the run chase, Chennai Super Kings (CSK) snapped a five-match winless streak to register a five-wicket victory over Lucknow Super Giants (LSG) in Lucknow. Chasing 167 on a tricky wicket, Dhoni's boundary-filled 11-ball 26* and Shivam Dube's 37-ball 43* saw CSK over the line in a chase that went down to the wire.
The platform for the chase was set up by a superb opening stand from Rachin Ravindra and debutant Shaik Rasheed. However, the foundation for the victory was laid by a strong bowling performance, led by Ravindra Jadeja (2-24) and Noor Ahmad (0/13 in 4 overs), which helped CSK restrict LSG.
A post shared by IPL (@iplt20)
Captain MS Dhoni’s decision to field first paid rich dividends early on. In a moment of fielding brilliance amidst CSK’s fielding woes so far this season, Rahul Tripathi took a fantastic diving catch running backwards from cover to send back the in-form Aiden Markram in the first over. Khaleel Ahmed - who has the most wickets (4) in the opening over this season - struck early once again.
With Orange Cap holder Nicholas Pooran in the middle alongside another highly in-form batter in Mitchell Marsh, LSG would have expected more fireworks. However, the pressure from CSK paid off as they successfully reviewed an LBW decision and Anshul Kambhoj got the prized scalp of Pooran (8 off 9) to leave LSG at 23/2 after four overs.
Marsh and skipper Rishabh Pant stabilised the innings with a 50-run partnership, before Ravindra Jadeja cleaned up Marsh (30 off 25). Ayush Badoni lived a charmed life during his brief cameo at the crease, first surviving after getting out to a no ball (for height) off Matheesha Pathirana before then successfully reviewing a LBW decision given out off Jadeja’s bowling. 
Jadeja struck back soon after with Badoni’s wicket as Dhoni became the first wicket-keeper to complete 200 TATA IPL dismissals, and LSG were 105/4 in the 14th over. 
A post shared by IPL (@iplt20)
However, Pant, who hit an audacious reverse scoop off pacer Jamie Overton in the seventh over, also smashed a one-handed six over mid-wicket, en route to a hard-fought 63(49) to guide LSG to 166/7 after 20 overs.
𝘾𝙖𝙥𝙩𝙖𝙞𝙣 𝙋𝙖𝙣𝙩𝙖𝙨𝙩𝙞𝙘 🫡#LSG skipper brings up his maiden fifty of the season 🔥Pick your favourite between these two specials? 🚁Updates ▶ https://t.co/jHrifBkT14 #TATAIPL | #LSGvCSK | @RishabhPant17 pic.twitter.com/GiMky62KXP
Two wickets each from Jadeja Pathirana led CSK’s effort, but a spell of 0/13 in four overs from Purple Cap holder Noor Ahmad was instrumental in restricting LSG. 
In response, Rachin Ravindra and debutant Shaik Rashid got CSK off to a superb start in the powerplay. Their 52-run partnership inside five overs was all about class and elegance, particularly from Rashid (27 off 19), before Avesh Khan dismissed him. 
The visitors' momentum was snatched back with LSG's spinners growing into the game. Markram trapped Ravindra in front for a well-made 37(22) before Ravi Bishnoi struck twice to dismiss Tripathi and Jadeja, and CSK were suddenly 96/4 in the 13th over.
A post shared by IPL (@iplt20)
Digvesh Rathi continued his impressive wicket-taking run in his debut TATA IPL season as Vijay Shankar edged one to short third-man off Rathi's bowling, and the equation for CSK stood at 56 runs to get in five overs.
Walking out to yet another huge reception from the crowd, MS Dhoni provided a much-needed blitz amidst the calm for CSK. Three fours and a one-handed six over mid-wicket from Dhoni in quick time brought the equation down to 20 off 11. Shivam Dube then smashed a six off a no-ball from Shardul Thakur, which turned out to be a defining moment in the game.
While a few big hits from Dube meant that he saw the chase through with a 37-ball 43*, it was Dhoni's 11-ball 26* that pulled the game back in CSK's favour.
The full scorecard and match details can be found here.