Punjab Kings (PBKS) created history in front of a roaring home crowd at the New PCA Stadium in New Chandigarh with the lowest total successfully defended in the TATA Indian Premier League (IPL). Defending 112, PBKS stunned Kolkata Knight Riders (KKR) by bowling them out for 95 on the back of highly inspired spells from the IPL's all-time leading wicket-taker Yuzvendra Chahal (4/28) and Marco Jansen (3/17).
KKR were cruising along at 62/2 in the chase before they lost eight wickets for 33 runs and were all out in the 16th over as Jansen cleaned up Andre Russell. The same fixture that saw PBKS recording the highest successful chase in IPL history when they chased down 262 in 2024, also produced one of the greatest low-scoring thrillers the league has ever seen.
A post shared by IPL (@iplt20)
Giving captain Shreyas Iyer just what he would have wanted after electing to bat upon winning the toss, Priyansh Arya and Prabhsimran Singh once again got PBKS off to a power-packed start, smashing their way to 39 runs from just 19 deliveries.
There were ominous signs for KKR, before the duo of Harshit Rana and Ramandeep Singh combined to bring them right back into the match. Rana, hit for a six by Arya off his first delivery on the night, responded off the very next delivery as Ramandeep settled under a skier at fine leg. Two deliveries later, Ramandeep held onto a stunning diving catch running forward as PBKS skipper Iyer smashed one towards deep point.
A post shared by IPL (@iplt20)
A couple of overs later, Rana and Ramandeep made it three in three as Prabhsimran walked back for a fiery 15-ball 30 and PBKS were pegged back to 54/4 at the end of the powerplay.
While Anrich Nortje also got in among the wickets in his first game this season, the spin duo of Varun Chakaravarthy and Sunil Narine continued their purple patch.
They picked four wickets between them, including three clean bowled dismissals as Chakaravarthy breached the defences of Josh Inglis and Glenn Maxwell, while Narine castled Marco Jansen. A flurry of regular wickets meant that KKR, once again buoyed by an all-round bowling performance, bowled out PBKS for 111 in the 16th over.
A post shared by IPL (@iplt20)
Unlike in their previous game against Chennai Super Kings (CSK) when they chased down 103 in the 11th over, KKR's run chase today was filled with twists and turns. Marco Jansen cleaned up Narine in the first over, before Xavier Bartlett dismissed Quinton de Kock to bag his maiden TATA IPL wicket to give KKR an early jolt at 7/2.
Angkrish Raghuvanshi then showed nerves of steel under pressure. He counter-punched in style, and a 55-run stand with skipper Ajinkya Rahane propelled KKR to 62/2 in the 8th over.
With only 50 runs to get off 75 deliveries came a dramatic sequence of twists and turns. Responding to their KKR counterparts in kind, PBKS' spin duo of Yuzvendra Chahal and Glenn Maxwell initiated a stunning comeback. They picked up three big wickets (Venkatesh Iyer, Rinku Singh, and Ramandeep) in the space of seven deliveries. Jansen picked up another and KKR were left shocked at 79/8.
The moment where Yuzvendra Chahal turned the game 🪄#TATAIPL | #PBKSvKKR | @PunjabKingsIPL pic.twitter.com/D2O5ImOSf4
Andre Russell smashed two sixes and a four off Chahal to bring the equation down to 17 to win with two wickets remaining. But it was Chahal's impressive bowling figures of 4/28 in four overs with 14 dot balls that turned the game in PBKS's favour in the first place and eventually earned them a historic win as Arshdeep Singh and Jansen picked up the final two wickets to bowl out KKR for 95.
The full scorecard and match details can be found here.